# 安装SmartPytorch
下面的步骤可以帮助你快速安装SmartPytorch并在你的机器上运行起来。

## Clone SmartPytorch
从github上clone我们的SmartPytorch的代码:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/MiniBullLab/HV_YOLO
```
The rest of the documentation that follows, assumes that you have cloned your repository to a directory called `SmartPytorch`.

## Create a Python virtual environment

We recommend using a Python virtual environment, but that of course, is up to you. There's nothing special about using Distiller in a virtual environment, but we provide some instructions, for completeness.
Before creating the virtual environment, make sure you are located in directory distiller. After creating the environment, you should see a directory called distiller/env.

### Using virtualenv

If you don't have virtualenv installed, you can find the installation instructions here.

To create the environment, execute:
```
$ python3 -m virtualenv env
```
This creates a subdirectory named env where the python virtual environment is stored, and configures the current shell to use it as the default python environment.

### Using venv

If you prefer to use venv, then begin by installing it:
```
$ sudo apt-get install python3-venv
```
Then create the environment:
```
$ python3 -m venv env
```
As with virtualenv, this creates a directory called distiller/env.

### Activate the environment

The environment activation and deactivation commands for venv and virtualenv are the same.
!NOTE: Make sure to activate the environment, before proceeding with the installation of the dependency packages:
```
$ source env/bin/activate
```
## Install the package

If you do not use CUDA 9 in your environment, please refer to Pytorch website to install the compatible build of Pytorch 1.1 and torchvision 0.3, before installing the package.

Finally, install the Distiller package and its dependencies using pip3:
```
$ cd distiller
$ pip3 install -e .
```
This installs Distiller in "development mode", meaning any changes made in the code are reflected in the environment without re-running the install command (so no need to re-install after pulling changes from the Git repository).

PyTorch is included in the requirements.txt file, and will currently download PyTorch version 1.1.0 for CUDA 9.0. This is the setup we've used for testing Distiller.


